"Tokyo Empire, Chuo-ku"
"Holy See"
Here is today's Meteorological Agency announcement.
A record-setting short-period heavy rain warning has been issued
for the 4th District of the Tokyo Empire's northern area at 13:00.
Any persons heading into this area, please exercise care and caution.
Also, please be sure to keep your distance without good reason.
--Subject marked; sending now. --Switching all monitors to trace mode.
--Tracking ID identified. --Canceling standby mode.
Identity confirmed. Synchronization of GIS and tracking ID complete.
Error of indication 0.083; within acceptable range.
Fire Defense Agency alarm control system activation signal confirmed.
--Continuing to monitor. --Subject has entered Akihabara District.
--Forwarding alert to Akihabara District. --Subject has entered Akihabara District.
--Forwarding alert to Akihabara District. --Don't forward it. I prefer the confusion.
--Don't forward it. I prefer the confusion.
Commencing alarm system hacking.
Kanda Fire Fighters requesting instructions.
Stay out of it.
Isn't Kanda under the 8th's jurisdiction?
--Cru-nch...! --Gravel doesn't get to weigh in.
--Gravel doesn't get to weigh in.
They're the ones who asked. What's wrong with me answering them?
Incoming message from Haijima Industries.
Crunch!
I'll listen to it later. That's my research unit.
I don't take orders from the main office.
Crunch!
The 5th is heading out. Even if we have to step on the 8th's jurisdiction,
we're going to secure that Infernal!
Object approaching subject at high speed!
Crunch!
Judging by the Adolla pattern,
I believe it is a third-generation Fire Soldier from the 8th.
Gravel from the 8th?
"Episode 4: The Hero and the Princess"
The darkness is illuminated
The days we've grown accustomed to walking are weeded out
My dream might be to make a stable living
but I'll moan over the lack of stimulation
The end is illuminated
Where are the streets we're accustomed to walking?
Time can sometimes be irksome,
but we're enveloped in warmth
Flames rise to show us the way
reminding us of a gentle melody
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
I just smile, thinking that's fine with me
If we shine, someday, our light will go out
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
Playthings that make sounds
and magic that chases pain away
are all precious treasures to me
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
"Taito-ku, Okachimachi"
"08:27:58"
"08:27:59"
"08:28:00"
That's all the news we have. Today's Amaterasu operational rate is normal.
All right, everyone, have a pleasant day. Látom.
Sure enough, there's no news on yesterday's incident,
or the man known as Joker.
Could the Special Fire Force indeed be hiding something?
If I stick with him, I'm sure I can get closer to the truth
about the mystery of human combustion, and the day I lost Mom and Sho.
Pardon me for interrupting your discussion.
The analysis on the ashes Joker used to blow up the training facility came back.
Apparently, their main component is Infernal ashes.
Those ashes... were Infernal ashes?
They're using the remains of the dead? Is nothing sacred?
The flames of the original sin...
Turns out I wasn't able to tell them about Sho.
Hey, stop looking like you're dead when we're in the office!
It's killing my own mood to work.
This is Arthur Boyle, lord of Camelot. What is the nature of your message?
I'm sorry about that. Special Fire Force Company 8.
Ah, yes, yes...
Yes. A dog? Right. Very well.
--Hey... --What is the address?
--What? --What is the address?
--Why did you become a Fire Soldier? --Okay... Okay... Very well.
--Because I'm a knight. --Okay... Okay... Very well.
We'll be there right away.
Hey, you two.
A dog got caught up in a tree, and can't get back down again.
Would you mind going and rescuing him?
Rescue a dog? Isn't that a job for regular firefighters?
We get calls mistaking Fire Soldiers for regular firefighters all the time.
And you two aren't getting anywhere with your work anyway, are you?
I'll take care of the rest of that.
All right. I'll go.
With my ability, it will be easy to get him out of a tree.
"Mr. Fireman, right here!! Up! Up!!"
Huh? That's not a dog--
so much as it's Mamoru-kun, isn't it?
Goodness...
Th-Thank you very much.
What were you doing up a tree?
While passing out balloons during a function at the shopping district,
some neighborhood college students "hoorayed" me.
"Hooray!"
Why would they do that?
Do you remember the serial killings carried out by that firefighter?
Huh?
The man who was a firefighter, but killed four people on a spree--
Miyamoto.
Ever since that case,
people's discontent for the Fire Defense Agency and firefighters has grown,
and sometimes, we get picked on like this.
So, what happened to this firefighter?
His verdict is scheduled to be announced today.
Word is that he'll probably be found not guilty for psychiatric reasons.
Thus, we find the defendant, Setsuo Miyamoto, not guilty.
--Impossible! --The death penalty's too good for him!
You scum!
Do you know how many people he killed?!
--Easy-peasy. The law is just a big pushover.
--You're letting him off because he's a firefighter?!
The country would be up a creek if a firefighter was found guilty.
No sweat!
Wah! It burns! Somebody! Somebody! Put me out!
--Ha, ha, ha! That's what you get! --Get an extinguisher! Or even a blanket!
--Scum! --The great Sol has decided to punish you!
--The great Sol has decided to punish you!
I'll kill you! I'll kill all of you!
Human combustion!
Hurry and get out of here!
An Infernal just spoke!
Hey, your honor. How dare you decide what's going to happen to me.
But I said you were innocent and set you free, didn't I?
Shut up! I'm the one doing the judging now!
Captain Obi! About the Infernal in Taito-ku, Ueno District...
He has a sense of self?
Fascinating. I want him, whatever it takes.
Crunch!
--To the control room! --Crunch...
Where are Shinra and Arthur?
An Infernal has appeared.
Emergency vehicles are now passing through.
All other traffic, please pull to the side and clear a path.
An emergency dispatch?
The Matchbox!
Shinra! Arthur! I know you're in the area!
Wander out without permission, will you?!
When we get back, you're getting disciplined until you can't move anymore!
--Huh?! --Huh?!
I'm sorry, both of you! I'm sorry!
--I couldn't tell him I sent you. I'll do anything. Ramen is on me. Forgive me--
--Maki-san, what's the matter? --I couldn't tell him I sent you. I'll do anything. Ramen is on me. Forgive me--
Mamoru-kun, I'm sorry, but you have to take over!
Látom.
See you, Arthur! I'm going on ahead!
Ah! What are you doing?!
Take me with you.
Hiyo Silver!
Why, you... I'm honestly, seriously... honestly...
...seriously...
Shinra! Arthur!
What are you doing?! This is a public road!
N-Never mind about that, an Infernal has appeared, right?
A murder defendant at Ueno District Court has become an Infernal.
He's apparently attacking people right now.
You two hurry on ahead to the scene!
Yes, sir!
Saving lives is your top priority!
Roger!
"Ueno District Courthouse"
I am your lawyer! I'm on your side, right?
That's right. As a firefighter, I used to save people like this.
I just saved your life.
One might say that it now belongs to me, right?
That means I can do whatever I want with you, right?
Stop that!
God have mercy!
What the hell--
What the hell is your problem?!
Because of you, Mamoru-kun got hoorayed up into a tree!
Yeah!
Huh? That's your beef?
Ah, so you're Special Fire Soldiers.
You're a murderous gang of bogus helper-men, aren't you?
How nice. I'm a bit jealous.
We're here, too!
Sputter Comet!
Sputter Comet-san!
He really is speaking, huh? Is his sense of self intact?
When one's attachment to life and will is strong enough,
their character in life still remains,
but I've never seen it go this far.
So there's no way to escape, eh? All right! I surrender!
What?
If you're not a murderous gang, then you'll let me off, right?
I was found not guilty at my trial. You can't very well kill me. Right?
Unfortunately, I'm not so good-natured as to pardon scum like you.
You really are a gang of murderers!
Damn.
I'm gonna go around killing people the way you guys kill Infernals!
Captain Obi!
After him, Shinra! You're the only one who can catch up to him!
But, sir, he's... self-aware.
He's no longer human. I know how you feel, but...
Captain...
Shinra...
...pay no heed to what he says.
Dispose of him.
Okay, get going!
Yes, sir!
Dispose of... Put to rest... someone who's self-aware...
Hinawa, I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Please always remain our shining light.
"Taito-ku, Ueno"
"13:54:46"
"13:54:47"
"13:54:48"
If I don't do this, other innocent people are going to get hurt.
I'll do it!
I'll put him to rest!
"Taito-ku, Akihabara"
It's an Infernal!
--Get away from him! --This city is almost like a toy box. Who should I play with?
--This city is almost like a toy box. Who should I play with?
Interrupt my good time, will you?
Do you have any idea how many people I rescued in my firefighter days?
You can't fault me for killing a few of them in my Infernal days, right?
You killed them during your firefighter days, too, didn't you?
Can't you do addition and subtraction, you idiot?
Those don't balance out the number I saved, you idiot!
Who is this guy?
What is your deal, man?
Y-You're the devil...
Wrong.
I'm a hero!
"Onoden"
Observed a second Adolla Burst from the subject rookie.
That rookie is the real jackpot.
But it would be a waste to extinguish an Infernal with a sense of self.
Move to retrieve him!
The flame is the soul's breath.
The black smoke is the soul's release.
W-Wait! Hold on a second!
I can't offer a sister's prayer, but this is good enough for you.
Ashes thou wert and art.
I-I'm still afraid to die!
At least let my end be met with a sister's prayer of peace! Please!
Aw, what the hell. The sister and the others are probably headed here now.
Until they get here, stay still and repent.
Yeah, I'll do that.
Irredeemable scum.
Damn you! Hero my ass!
Shut up! You shut your mouth! I'm putting you to rest!
Special Fire Force Company 5 Captain, Princess Hibana.
"Captain" "Third-generation pyrokinetic" "Princess Hibana"
The 5th will dispose of this Infernal.
Hey, what is this?! Let me go!
Take him away!
Yes, ma'am!
Hold it! The 8th is putting him to rest!
Don't try to swoop in and do whatever you feel like!
I am a captain. Are you defying me?
You are not my superior!
Damn it.
What the hell did you do?
You low-level 8th gravel grit.
Gravel should lie spread on the ground like gravel.
None of the crunch, crunch, crunch of your fussing.
The only time you make a sound is when I step on you, gravel grit.
Lick it.
You people at the 5th are a bit domineering, aren't you?
I said lick it.
I'm speaking to you seriously!
Hold him down!
--5th's Angels Three, on the scene! --5th's Angels Three, on the scene!
Out of the way! Move!
Hey! Fire Soldiers are supposed to keep the people safe, right?
What are you guys at the 5th doing?!
It's one kid who fell on his caboose. It's not like he got burned.
You'd even joke about burning a kid, lady?
Ho...
Let me show you what a Fire Soldier is.
Bring it on, 5th!
I, Shinra Kusakabe, Second Class Fire Soldier from the 8th, will take you on!
This ought to be good.
Shinra!
It's unusual for an Infernal to be as self-aware as this one.
It would also be a waste to dispose of him like this.
The 5th will secure him.
This is the 8th's jurisdiction.
Don't you think you're being a bit presumptuous?
The moment he Infernalized, he became officially deceased,
and putting him to rest will return him to ashes.
That being the case, I see no problem in taking his body in as-is.
Besides, the 8th is a new facility;
I understand you don't even have a science team.
This is a precious specimen.
Wouldn't taking him back to the 5th represent an important step
toward solving the mystery of human combustion?
You intend to share the results of your investigation with us, yes?
Absolutely I will!
Very well.
The 5th can take over from here.
Whoo, how lame.
Huh?
"Second Class Fire Soldier" "Third-generation pyrokinetic" "Toru Kishiri"
The captain of the 8th is a no-talent nobody, right?
Seriously lame.
--What did you say?! --You wanna go?!
Now Captain Nobody's flunkies are butting in. Second-class nobodies.
--Shinra! Arthur! --Why, you! I'll teach you! --You're screwing with the wrong man!
--Why, you! I'll teach you! --You're screwing with the wrong man!
Obi, if a Fire Soldier starts sticking his nose in too deep,
it won't be the fire, but himself, that gets extinguished.
You don't say. So I'm blowing smoke in others' faces, am I?
Then again,
the flames of the 8th won't be put out so easily.
Special Fire Force Company 5, we're heading home!
"To be continued"
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you
We've been walking shoulder-to-shoulder
between sights we never reach
and pain that brings no warmth
to make it to a faraway place
Given the hope that you speak of
or the ideals that you dream of
I'll find a way to show you love, however cold you may be
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you You can cry out timidly
but that changes when the nights grow fevered
Even if we let go of each other's hands,
I hope we can still walk together again
I'll refrain from saying goodbye
to ensure that we can meet again somewhere
"Next time"
"Episode 5: The Battle Begins"